---
date: 2020-09-02
layout: post
slug: fall20-updates
title: fall 2020 updates
categories: [updates]
---
It's been a while since my last update, and to say that a lot has happened since would be quite the understatement! I spent a year as both Teaching Fellow for COMP 11 and Co-President for Women in Computer Science, where I was able to establish community in the department, support new students and welcome underrepresented minorities, and help my peers build their professional networks. I went abroad (and came home prematurely) to London, after my initial program to Hong Kong was shut down due to the democracy protests. 

I spent the summer working remotely as a Software Engineer Intern on the Restaurants team at Square, and had a wonderful time contributing to the Kitchen Display System and watching it launch to beta! I worked on a multitude of mini projects rather than one large project, and learned about all of the different tech stacks that the Restaurants team uses. I even designed and built my own endpoint in the KDS backend!

In my free time, I have been organizing the 2020 Tufts Women in Tech Conference as Co-Chair. WiT pivoted to an entirely virtual experience with an amazing lineup of 31 speakers and 30 sponsors. We also launched a week of Networking Nights as part of our initiative to reenergize the CS community and connect students with companies in light of COVID-19's impact on the job market. We are less than a month away and I could not be more excited watching it all come together! 

This coming year, I will be a Peer Leader for the pilot Emerging Scholars Program, targeted towards students who are curious about what CS actually entails beyond arrays and loops. I'll hold weekly discussion meetings where we will talk about interesting problems in different fields, and hopefully inspire more students to pursue CS! I will also be returning to COMP 11 to TA for a fifth (!) semester. 

Senior year will definitely be different, but I am looking forward to seeing what it will bring!